feat(og-image): added vitepress-plugin-og-image (#104)
nolebase/integrations: packages/vitepress-plugin-og-image-generator/README.md

# `@nolebase/vitepress-plugin-og-image-generator`

> A vitepress plugin to generate og:image for your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A vitepress plugin to generate [Open Graph Protocol](https://ogp.me/) previewing images (a.k.a. [social media cards](https://www.semrush.com/blog/open-graph/)) for your site.
```

## Install

### Npm

```shell
npm i @nolebase/vitepress-plugin-og-image-generator -D
```

### Yarn

```shell
yarn add @nolebase/vitepress-plugin-og-image-generator -D
```

### Pnpm

```shell
pnpm add @nolebase/vitepress-plugin-og-image-generator -D
```

## Documentation

> Please refer to [Changelog & File history](https://nolebase-integrations.ayaka.io/pages/en/integrations/vitepress-plugin-og-image-generator/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Previewing image generation](https://nolebase-integrations.ayaka.io/pages/en/integrations/vitepress-plugin-og-image-generator/) for more information.
```
